min_session could be multiple
internationalisation

Chatter for next time:
John: If a session has participants should we prevent it being removed from a group? (Prob user specified)
John: I've placed default mode inside of Session_Group model, best place?
John: Should random groups be enrollable if some sessions are in the past? What about if there is only one session left... (I think we agreed not to do this)
John: User tries to delete a session from group what happens?
                                                    what if there are only two sessions?

John: As it stands a user is only able to register for a group if he has been invited to all sessions. Seems more natural to be one or more? (Invitation seems to have a natural group-relationship, could be troublesome..)

    note: Doing this would mean a if a session with invitations sent out is added to a group and then removed the user would be invited to both the group and the singular session. Niche issue in my opinion though. I'm conflicted..

Need to automatically test 
    Restrict grouping
        views
            Ensure groups with participants don't have options to merge with other groups in actions.
            Ensure groups without participants do not have the options to merge with groups that do.
        controllers
            Ensure error is thrown on attempt to add two sessions together when one or more has participants
            Ensure error is thrown on attempt to add session with participants to group.

    Correct mode on new group
        views
            that modal buttons don't appear when no groups in session.
        controllers
            that the first created group in a session has the default mode.
            That clicking a modal button changes the status of all tests.
            That the second created group in a session has the mode of the first.
            (This seems largely sequential)

BUG:
Cannot enrol if one of the sessoins in group is full.
?User must have been invited to every session in group, could be automated but want to discuss first..
    User -> Avaiable Sessions

ENROL
    index
    confirm
    Recode presentation of enrol:
        index
        confirm
    
    random
        Session with least
        if more than one, random.

SESSION/PARTICIPANTS
    moving
    removing
        Removing participants doesn't work IF participant has enrolled (Not sure if this is known)
        Adding participants to a group doesn't get picked up on the enrol menu.

    if user moved to new group:
            randomised: pick session
            all: move to all sessions.
            all -> seperate; remove from all sessions into seperate session.


